Voice command only would be nice.. Much better than the echo dot. However, the fact that you have to touch the button to activate it instead of just talking to it is a bit annoying. Speaker is fairly powerful for its size.
Hands-free. My Echo hasn't updated to the latest version that allows for hands-free operation. I'm not sure what the problem is.
Unit could not even answer basic questions.. Echo simply did not do anything it was advertised to do. Basic weather was sporadic and more detailed questions resulted in "Cannot find response".
Doesn't always work. Alexa is handy but doesn't always work. We have two lights outside and sometimes both with turn on or off when commanded and sometimes only one will turn on or off.
Decent. The Echo is ok, it's a decent speaker and I like that it has a Bluetooth so I can listen to music off my phone.But there is more that I don't like then I like.For example, to play music off spottily you must have a perineum account ($10 a month).I heart radio will play only the last station it had on, not sure yet but can't change station with just voice.Most of "skills" are done poorly, for example my Honeywell thermostat, you can't ask it to tell you the temp, turn on, turn off.Only thing that can be done, is to ask it to raise or drop the temperature.At this time it will not control my wifi sprinkler system "orbit Bhyve".You don't always get an answer to questions as it uses Bing as a search engine, which I'm not a big fan of .Tried to buy wifi light switches so I can have it controlling that, but after purchasing the Wemo switch I found out that all the switches in my house are 2 way switches, so that did not work.So basically it's just ok, and maybe in few years it will be better, but over all like I said there is more that I don't like about it.
Love the Tap!. This is awesome addition to the stationary Echo. I can take this out in the yard or garage when working outside. Great sound and long battery
Best gift idea I ever had. Wasn't sure if my non-techie family member would get much use out of this, but still gave it to them as a birthday gift. I was so wrong to underestimate how much they would enjoy this product. They can't stop raving about it. They loved it so much that they also bought the echo dot to use in their bedroom. They like how simple and easy this is to setup and use.
Exellent bussiness add on. the echo helps me keep tract of daily and monthy events..Hoping later to use it to play music and use it to make the house more efficent.
Great for only certain things. If you enjoy music do not buy, you cannot send a Bluetooth signal out to an external speaker. She is not as smart as Siri and answers basic basic questions. I deal with it because I bought the WeMo fixtures for lights and switches and she works fine with those. I would recommend the echo dot if you would like to make her louder or like music loud
Alexa is a great addition to the family. The Echo was a great purchase. As a whole, we ordered groceries, batteries and everything else just buy asking Alexa. The deals of the day are fantastic as well, just ask Alexa what the deal of the day is!
Get the dot. The dot does everything this does and most people already have blue tooth speakers to hook up to it.
Ok,. Ok, but sometimes alexa begin speaking without being asked, and sometimes light spins around when asked alexa a question without any answer.
I choose Alexa over Siri any day. Great product at a great price from Best Buy. Have to press a button rather than just saying her name, but that's the price you pay for it being cordless.
Highly recommended by my sister. Gave one of these to my sister for Christmas, who then RAVED about it. She said it was awesome. So I got one. I'm happy with it and I even got the remote, too.I especially like being able to tell it to add things to the shopping list/to-do list. In addition, I get a daily news briefing and get the best commute route for the morning.
Disappointed - No Echo control. Everything I had read was a bit confusing on how the Echo can control it.. but low and behold it has the Alexa service built into it. The Echo CANNOT control the Amazon Fire TV which was the sole reason I bought it. Well.. also in hopes that HBO Now would have Surround Sound on it, but of course it didn't. So they're both at fault here and the reason why I returned it immediately. Since neither of the above worked, this made the device completely redundant with my Chromecast.
Decent, don't rely on the TV comercials.... Alexa is great when asking about the weather, or when wanting to play some music quickly. However, majority of the questions I ask it cannot find. I think that the questions are pretty simple too. She will answer questions with direct answers like "whats 2+2" but if you go much further she wont respond.
Learning curve. Alexa can do basic things, hard to find tune skills
Not quite there. Alexa is OK for basic weather and turning on/off a light you have linked on your network. She still has some issues understanding basic commands and i would love to see skills from major airlines that allow you to check flights before you drive to the airport. The music sound quality is good and you have to be an Amazon Prime member to really see value there. Hopefully, in a year it will turn out to be a good investment.
Wasn't impressed. It wouldn't connect with any of my smart home items it wouldn't understand some commands
Echo Tap. Overall for an Alexa product it does the same thing as all the other ones. This one is specifically portable and only needs to be put on the base for charging. The one main issue is that it is not voice activated (meaning it does not listen to you unless you press any of the buttons on top or the mic button in front. By having this feature, I could see it causing excess battery usage. Needs to be able to apps better.
Nice but not portable. Thought the Echo was portable. Have to keep it plugged it to operate or buy an external battery.Returned and bought the smaller TAP which has a builtin battery.
amazeballs!. I love my amazon echo.. Dont know how i was able to live without it!! Cabt reccomend enough!
Okay if you have access to Pandora. I have wanted my Amazon Echo for several years and was able to buy one BUT not without an extended warranty! Which if you buy ANY ANY thing from BEST BUY, it's Now imperative you spend your money for an extended warranty! Like now if it wasn't for the warranty on my Moto phone that I HAD to return it! Which is totally dysfunctional NOW and friends can't get it to work! My new exchanged phone has t totally screwed up my availability to access Pandora! Luckily, there's an extended warranty you have no choice BUT to purchase! They "TRY" to make everything right with customers!
Amazing addition to any home!. I love what it can do, and how helpful it can be. It is very easy to setup and then it just works. On top of that you can teach it more with skills. All in all this is a great little device!
You need a Tablet or Smart Phone to have this work. So I've seen this at the mall and the TV ads and thought hmmm that sounds good. Note mine does not sound as good as the units I've heard play music at the stores. I don't know why and there does not seem to be any adjustments you can make to that. All you can do is say volume up, volume down or say volume lever 1-10.At no time was I told that you needed to use your smart phone and or table to down load the Alexa App and then run everything through that. Most of the time I say Alexa who is Morris Knight. "I don't know" Alexa was Morris Knight a VJ on MTV. "I don't know". Alexa can you tell me who was a VJ on MTV "I don't know". So I get "I don't know" more often then an get and answer. If I do get an answer Alexa will often give me an answer to a for a different person the person I asked about.If you have a Amazon Fire Stick. Don't ask Alexa about a "MOVIE" or is Joan Collins in the movie The Virgin Queen. Because for me anytime I use the word "MOVIE" she will turn on my Fire Stick. So if you are watching something else you are no longer watching it. She can turn on the Amazon Fire Stick but she can't put your TV back to what you were watching before.The Echo device will often tell you to go to the Alexa App. So I'm really not sure what the Echo Device does. Everything is run through the Alexa App so just get your table out and use Alexa that way?I'm just not very happy with this purchase. I went to the Mall and the person said "Bring in your Tablet and I can see what is going on". So see it's driven by that tablet and the app right?
Does not know much. It works great with my Hue and also requesting music. But deeper questions it doesn't know much
Okay as a start. I thought it would do more, eg. be able to integrate with my cell phone to make calls or send text messages
OK OK product. The idea is right but after few weeks, needs restarting else it doesn't respond properly. Compatible devices pairs properly. I used lifx bulbs but it couldn't control them with voice says no device found. Hopefully they will release a software update soon.
Useful. great for finding local info while traveling. Useful for weather and morning news brief.
Great for the tec nieve but to much programming. To much programming especially for road and traffic congitions
Echo. I'm still learning this I will submit another review once I use this more
Needs more fluent data knowledge. Data is tied to skills and should just be a blanket open forum of knowledge. Still has other benefits to explore.
Even Better Than I Imagined. The Echo by Amazon has exceeded even my own high expectations (which is quite an acheivement)!
It goes deaf after awhile. I have a dot as well as this one. There is never a problem with the dot being able to hear me, but the Echo is like an obstinate child. There is still time to return it so I'll give it a few more days to behave. If not, it goes back.
Amazon Echo. This device is quite delightful.The interractions can be fun.
Disappointing. The sound quality of the speaker in my opinion is not worth the extra cost versus a Echo Dot. I could spend the difference on a separate speaker to use with the Dot and also have the flexibility of using that speaker elsewhere.
I think i should bought the Google Home. The eco is great if your a lists person or want to order Pizza. Yes it can control lights and locks but it doesn't support my remote lights I have now. The Eco just can't answer technical home work questions like the Google can
Great device for Amazon users. I bought an Amazon Fire tablet for my sister some years back (she didn't want anything more in her life that was techie but she did love the large tablet) and she uses it a lot. I got the Amazon Echo for her for Christmas and it is a great complement to the Fire tablet. With very minimal training (5 minutes) she can call up music channels from Pandora, play her own music, ask about the weather and lots of other stuff that she may not do but could do. It is very helpful to use the apps on the Fire tablet to set the Pandora channels, and otherwise tweak the Echo.
Love it. The best "personal home assistant" out there. Also the first, so it has a head start on Google's offering.
Great for home automation. I got this to control my Hue lightbulbs and it works great. Surprised at how fast it is!
Simple Power. Own a few dots, needed this for office area. The speaker is amazing and you can feel the quality. Alexa is here to stay.
Nice speaker with extra features. The echo is a nice speaker that has the added bonus of being able to respond to questions and give sometimes useful information. However in regards to it being capable of serving as the brain of an integrated, automated home, it lacks much. I purchased it to use with Philips hue bulbs and I was hoping my fire tv. Although it shares the same software with the fire, and logically should be able to work together, it does not. Echo will not connect to or control the tv. As far as the Philips hue bulbs, it can turn on individual bulbs, or even a group of bulbs IF, and only if, you remember the exact phrase or name you gave it. It cannot dim the lights, set light scenes or any of the cooler options the Philips hue bulbs are capable of. I wound up going back to using my iPhone which respond to voice command of 'hey Siri' better than the echo anyway. If I had to do it over again, I would have saved the money and gone with a simple Bluetooth speaker for my phone as it can already do many of the things the echo does. Only difference is that the phone doesn't have as big of a range for voice pickup.I did give the echo three stars, because the one thing it does well is respond to questions, like what's the weather like. That feature is interesting but not worth paying nearly $200 for.
Echo. Set up was fast and easy so many uses for this product. I am very happy with this purchase.
does not perform like advertised. Alexa answers maybe 1 out of 10 questions we ask her - she uses Bing.com and it is really bad. Her standard answer is - I don't know the answer to this question. We ask her easy questions about stats or people. We also have a Google home and it answers almost every question right.
Don't waste your money!. If I could give it a lower rating, I would.This is nothing more than a speaker, and a big one.It is NOT wireless so you cannot even take it outside w/o a power source. You cannot ask questions and have Alexa search answers. Very expensive. Would like to try google but since I cannot return this - I can't justify the price. Everyone said give it time to like Alexa. I gave it too much time and did not realize you had to return within a time frame (my bad).
It's ok. I own an echo and the tap. The tap is slower to respond. If you haven't used the echo then you will like the tap.
Love the Echo. Echo. Echo. So I have now purchased two Amazon Echos from Best Buy. I have one upstairs and one down stairs. My main reason for the purchase was for home automation. I have previously installed several WEMO switches and bulbs in the house and wanted to take advantage of Alexa's ability to control them. Works really well, however I didn't realize she can't control the WEMO bulbs. Hopefully this is something that will come soon. I ask her about the weather, add items to my shopping list, set reminders, listen to music, and use the alarm function to wake me up. So far it's a great buy. Totally recommend this.
Not as good as expected and promised.. I have Alexa now 5 months running.You would expect, that Alexa can anwser many, many questions. It can (maybe), but you have to know which App has the answer, you have to install the app and you have every time to say a special commands . Stupid. Alexa is out of the box very stupid. And after investing hours - she is not much more knowledgeable. It's a stupid AI.
It's exactly what I expected. New exactly what I wanted dot dot dot and I always buy from Best Buy when I get the opportunity
Entertaining. Sometimes you have to be very specific on where to find the information. For example, if Alexa does not know the answer, I have to tell her to look in Wikimedia
It's the thing to have, to go along with the crowd. It's the thing to have, to go along with the crowd, but it ends up being very much underutilized. I'm sure it's capable of more than making a shopping list and doing a flash briefing. But we don't have the time to learn. Other than that, it works just fine.
Not as Intuitive as Expected. It is a neat gadget; can do some things like track items for a shopping list and setting timers that are great. I would have expected it to be better at telling me things like when is TV show X on and what sound does a Cardinal (bird) make. All were met with "I didn't understand the question." Alexa should be more intuitive than that and should learn and grow as you go along, she does not. You also have to ask things in a way Alexa will understand. For example, you cannot say, "Alexa, turn out the lights in the kitchen." That "does not compute." But if you say, "Alexa, shut off the lights." She will do as you ask. I had to start writing down the "correct" way to ask her things so I would remember them. Again she needs to learn and adapt; not happening so far.
Technology luxury. Need to explain all required' hookups' to less non technical elderly people for sure.
Love It. The purchase was primarily for my husband who is technology-challenged. He can now listen to the music he wants, when he wants. He is still experimenting with asking questions. You do have to be careful when talking about Alexa, because she will respond to your conversation.
Love it!. Got this as an early Christmas present. The sound it pretty good for a small speaker. We now have Echo controlling the lights, furnace and the A/V system. Set up is easy.
Some free systems, but needed to purchase more. Amazon Prime was required in order for us to use the Echo the way we wanted
Fun toy. I didn't know much about the device before buying other than the fun commercials. I figured that it was internet connected and could do anything I asked it to. I quickly learned this is not the case. You aren't able to just plug it in and expect it to know everything on the internet. It seemed it didn't know know some basic questions. It uses skills where are like phone APs. You have to enable each skill in order to use it. When you want to use a skill much like an ap you have to remember the specific skill and then Include that in what you ask it to do. It seems like it does home automation well and basic functions but it has a long way to go before it's a know everything on the internet