Just ok. You get what you pay for with this kindle fire. Excellent as a Kindle for reading books, but not great for using the Internet. I am used to using another tablet which is much quicker and I was frustrated using the Kindle... It doesn't measure up to other tablets. Still worth the $ for a decent reading device.
Disappointed. Asked a Bestbuy employee if I could connect to my library. He told me yes so I bought the Kindle. When I got it home, found out that downloading books from my library was not an option, so I returned Kindle.
Not As Expected. As a charger, it works but is nothing special. With a Mk 1 Kindle Fire, it doesn't seem to charge any faster than the standard charger. And NO CABLE is included!! A Kindle-specific cable must be purchased separately! This is not mentioned in the descriptions.
Five Stars. Kindle was no longer charging properly and this solved the problem.
Works as advertised. However, I can't imagine why .... Works as advertised. However, I can't imagine why Amazon doesn't include it with the Kindle. I know of no other product that does not supply an item that is essential to its use. Amazon should include this with the Kindle. So, remember, add the price of one of these to the price of the Kindle to get the real price of the Kindle. That is why I gave it three stars. Come on Amazon, stop the misleading pricing on the Kindle.
Excellent e-reader, tablet. I bought this to read books and to use the internet, I liked it so much I bought a second one for a family member.
use this all the time. very convenient, perfect size and easy on the eyes. I never though I would stop reading paperbacks, but this makes reading a library of different books much more convenient.
Adequate for its purpose. If you want an inexpensive device to read Kindle books or do email this is it.
Love it!. It is great to read books on the go! Easy to use, and easy to add pdf's and other files you may want on there!
Wait till it goes on sale.. There's not much difference in the regular Kindle. Wait till it goes on sale.
Easy to use. The screen is easy to read even on the beach and I love being able to download a new book at any time
Love it!. Kindle paper white is great. Easy to read with. Lightweight so you can throw it in your purse or travel bag & take it anywhere. I haven't had the chance to use it outside yet, but will when the weather warms up. Best gift I ever gave myself!
Three Stars. Does what you need, but because it has amazon's name on it, it's expensive
Love my Kindle. It is amazing that you can get this much tech for such a low price. This thing does everything I need, and it's so much faster than my old Kindle.
Solid for the price. The system is a little slow and then if you get the one with the offers, they slow down your reading a bit. But, you can't beat the price. This is not a full tablet. It' an E-Reader with a lot of enhanced functions.
Does not meet my needs. Can not print from this device...Using the touch screen is very difficult.
One Star. I wish this came in white to match my Kindle Paperwhite
Three Stars. I already have one am sending it back
Works as it should. My 2nd kindle so it meets my expectations better than my very old one.
A charger is a charger!. It does what it is supposed to do.
kindle. so far so good,,,, wife very happy. misses her old one....
My first kindle. Second e-reader. Have a nook as my first e-reader. I like downloading library books better on the kindle but prefer the format of the nook.
Better than expected. I was very hesitant on buying an e-reader as I didn't think spending $100 on a device that I would then need to spend $$ on books was worth it. Now that I have been using the Paperwhite, there are plenty of free books available to download. It is very easy to read in every lighting condition that I've used it in so far. Wish I would have bought it much sooner.
fine, bought to read books. would have been nice to have instructions included
It's fine, but not necessary. It's fine, but not necessary. Had I known that I could charge my Kindle with my tablet and/or phone charging cord I would not have bought it.
Ok for reading, not so much for browsing. good for reading books. light, handy but not so much for browsing.
Three Stars. I think the cord needs to be a bit longer. This would enable you to read while charging.
Great kindle for kids. My daughter loves her kindle and it's larger than the previous one she had. She enjoys it!
easy to read and maneuver. I was looking for something easy to use if I didn't want to go on the computer and for 50$ this is great
Very light, but looks a little plasticky. The Touch cover from Amazon has some good and some bad properties.On the good side, it's very light: at 4 oz it is noticeably lighter than the previous generation of covers. My Kindle Touch fits in very snugly with no wasted space.On the negative side, it looks and feels rather plasticky. I ordered the plain black version and the front and back outer covers are a shiny black leather. At first I thought the back exterior was simply black plastic, and it took a close examination to realize it is the same leather as the front cover. The front inner cover is a soft felt. The inner body where the Kindle sits is plastic. There is no fastener or band to hold the cover closed.This is my fourth Kindle and cover. The Touch cover looks much more like a gadget cover than the earlier ones. It looks rather like an old Palm PDA cover I had, or like some ipod covers. The previous Kindle covers had a textured leather appearance and they looked more like book or notebook covers.Right now I am having rather mixed reactions. I definitely like the fact that it adds so little weight to the Kindle. However it does look rather cheap. For 40 I was expecting a little more.I think I am going to have to use this for a while before reaching a final conclusion.Update November 29th: Tastes will vary, but in the end I decided that this was not the right look or feel for me and I have switched to a different cover (the Splash SAFARI). That is similar to the old Kindle 3 cover, with a textured leather appearance and an elastic fastener strap.
Love this Kindle. Lightweight, perfect size. Love the built in light.
Five Stars. Works perfectly with my new Kindel
Great kindle. Purchase was good. Very easy to set up and use. Clear screen. Easy to charge. Would like more storage.
One Star. Really expected a chord with it for the price we paid. Very dissapointed.
A reader. A reader, but the processor is not fast, react slowly
Love it. I love my old kindle, but after a few years and drops the power button doesn't like to work a lot of the time. So took advantage Black Friday deal to replace the one that is going out.
Love love love. I love my kindle for reading over my iPad now. Best buy gave me a good deal on this kindle, and fast and friendly service. This kindle is easy on my sensitive eyes and a pleasure to hold. I would recommend this to anyone looking for an e-reader.
Not as great as reviewers rate it.. An 'okay' reader. Reading from an iPad mini is better under all conditions except outside in sunlight. Plus, with the iPad you can play games, web search, etc. The Kindle library function is not nearly as good as the Kindle app on the iPad where you can see many more of your books on a page and scroll through them all quickly versus the slow swipe function of the Kindle. I also do not like the page turn of the Kindle versus Apple. Every page turned on Kindle is like slow motion and about every fifth page refreshes entirely. I actually have to go to the top of the next page slowly in order to not have to wait for the Kindle slow page turn. Even the reading in the outdoors feature of the Kindle is not as great as reviewers indicate as there is still the sun glare on pages that you have to deal with, although at least you can read with it outdoors. The Kindle also suffers from a 'shadow' along the bottom of the screen. The explanation is that it is actually a shadow that is between the lights that are shining upward for night time reading. Draw your own conclusions as to whether that is good engineering. It is worse on some of the devices I saw than on others. Kindle serves the purpose for reading at the beach and not worrying if it accidently gets damaged. I would never take an iPad to the beach, but the Kindle is almost 'disposable' in contrast. Maybe 3 stars is being a bit generous but it is a good supplement to the iPad. If Apple ever makes their device so it can be used outside without a glare, then I don't see any market for the Kindle at that point. Not sorry I have a Kindle, but for what I decided to buy it for (reading at beach) it is at the price point where it is not really worth it. I still read "paper" books for those who remember what those are and those still work perfectly for beach reading.
3 1/2 stars. I would like to rate this 3 and half stars - while the adapter itself works just fine, I think it is underhanded of Amazon to make you pay extra for it. Maybe I am not technologically up-to-date, but it seems to me that most people charge things at a wall socket not with a computer USB port. I think that I read that charging with USB takes longer as well. Just like an airline charging you for taking your bags on the plane, now Amazon is charging you for things you need to make the Kindle work - pretty soon you'll have to pay for the cord, guides and updates. Not very good customer service :(
Easy on the eyes. I like the Kindle Paperwhite because the backlighting makes it easier to read than the first one.
Great kindle. Great kindle very clear reading would forsure recommend
Love it!. This is an awesome kindle easy to transport and love the clear screen.
Not for computer beginner. Need to have some computer savvy. Wound be much more helpful if it came with a simple basic instructions.
Should be included. Amazon should include this charger with the Kindle. The fact that they're charging us extra for something that should be included is a sign of cheapness. Plus, you can use any micro-USB phone charger instead of this to charge your Kindle. Save your money.
It's like selling an appliance without all the. I don't know why this wouldn't be included with the kindle. It's like selling an appliance without all the parts
Best reader out there. How can you not love it? It provides convenience. It works great to borrow books from the public library. Just imagine all the savings on hardbound books.
Exchanged for the Voyage. I usually read in bed and found this reader to be too heavy and bulky. I originally didn't want to pay the higher price for the Voyage but I exchanged this one for the Voyage and I am much happier with it.
One Star. Pretty dumb that you have to.buy a charger port
Don't know yet. I have not had time to set everything up yet. My granddaughter is enjoying hers! My daughter had an issue when she first set it up, all her books downloaded onto the new one and took up most of her space. I do believe that has been resolved.
Horrible Battery Life. This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update
The star. Three star due to the fact that sometimes the fire tv remote doesn't work. I will then use my smart tv remote. Other than that issue, I would give five star.
I haven't used it yet.. I set it up but haven't used it yet. Not clear how to download books but I plan to learn that this weekend.
Just ok for the price. This Kindle was purchased on the black friday sale. At the time I felt it was a steal at that price. The first tablet I purchased a few years ago was the original Kindle Fire, the following year I purchased an iPad mini and now have the iPad mini 4. As you may already know, the iPad does not have explandable memory. This Kindle can have expanded memory to 200GB so that was a good selling point for me. After setting this new Kindle Fire up, I noticed that viewing photos were not as clear as the original iPad mini even without retina display, and the color had a greenish-yellowish tint to it. Some may not notice this if they do not have something else to compare it to. I'm a pro photographer so this was quite unaceptable to me. I was not expecting perfection with the colors but people's skin tones appeared greenish as if they were Vulcans. I also like to read tech manuals and magazines of which many are in PDF format. The Kindle will read this format but the Kindle Fire after all these years still cannot display the cover art from pdf books, etc.; it displays an acrobat pdf document logo instead. If you have a large library of pdfs you have to read through the document titles instead of being able to select by seeing the cover of the book. That was enough for me, I've been spoiled by the ease of use of the iPad and the display with accurate colors. Back to the store for a prompt refund it went. Overall..still a good deal but if you are used to an iPad for the reasons I am..you may be disappointed.
It's okay. I got it because it was smaller and lighter than the original kindle fire. It is not as easy to operate as the original kindle fire.
Kindle Fire. Everyone knows "kindle fire". When these went on sale I grabbed a few up to use as kiosks for our PTA. Little did I know that fires run a "special" operating system, not a standard android. The 2 apps I needed to run were not available on kindle store. After much research I found a work around but it was very frustrating.
Three Stars. Nothing special just okay
Lasted 120 days...30 past warranty. Died after 120 days....30 days out of warranty. Some no name brand lasted us 3 years before this one. Figured we would get a "name brand" thinking that it will last longer. I won't be purchasing Kindle/Amazon products anymore.
SD card for Kindle 7". Purchased and installed item onto Kindle but am still trying to figure out how storage onto new SD card works. I know it is me, but I think I will have to return to store to get someone to show me how to operate.
Good reading device. The resolution and contrast are good. It is comfortable to read books on this device. the price is ok. I would say it is a good reading device .
Nice basic tablet for the low price. Purchased this to mainly read books after my Nook died. Can't beat the price, but the print quality isn't as good as some other tablets. It's more like black on grey as oppose to crisp white. It can be a little difficult to read from versus the higher price tablets.
Good for books. I think that this tablet is only good for reading books. It's not very fast, so you won't be able to do anything else.
Almost alli I needed!. Needs to have some hardcopy instructions in the package..
Bright sharp screen. Crystal clear screen. Easy to use. Reading for day/night excellent!
Need guide/instructions. When my husband and I bought our Kindle Fire 8, we went to Best Buy and asked questions as best we could. There are programs we apparently need to put create and edit documents and spreadsheets!! We did ask if it had those features and was told yes but I think we need to have a special app. Why isn't there a manual or step by step guide on getting the most use out of Kindle Fire 8. Can I get it online? Kindle Fire 8 fun to use but needs more info for customers. Can we go to a class at Best Buy? Thanks for any help.
I'm still learning about it. I don't read the books. I'm still learning about it. I don't really even use it.
Nothing is better than Kindle.. For a reading device, you cannot do better than Kindle. And, if you're going to get a Kindle, get the Paperwhite as the lights on the screen are worth the extra cost over the base model. You will NOT regret it.
Unreliable hardware. The charger won't stay securely connected to the Paperwhite and wiggles. It will only charge when held at a particular angle.
Kindle Fire. Very pleased with the Kindle Fire. Great price too!
Great value!. I use a Kindle Paper White for all my reading. 2 hours plus a day. But I am always disappointed when it comes to looking at maps, pictures and diagrams. Although the battery life is much shorter than the reader and the screen is not glare free, the picture is great for these old eyes!
Three Stars. goes with the kindle for charging port
Screen Size could be bigger. The screen size could be bigger like the earlier versions of kindle.
Best e-Reader I've Tried So Far. I prefer the deficated e-readers to tablets for reading. I have both this Paoerwhite and a current-gen Nook Glow Light. I really like the Glow Light  especially its rugged construction  and I still use it, but the Paperwhite is better.The Glow Light has no bevel and a touch-sensitive button on the front. This means I am constantantly turning the page or returing to the home screen by accident. It's very annoying, and I have a hard time finding a comfortable way to hold it. It seems like I'm always thinking about where my fingers are. I do not have this problem at all on the Paperwhite.The Paperwhite is a great little reader for the money. I would definitely buy another.
Did not work properly.. It would not turn on or charge. We have to return it to Kindle.
Not Necessary. This is exactly like any other usb power charger, making it unnecessary. A basic charger used for an ipod works to charge the kindle fire within 3-4 hours.
Kindle Cover Issue. This cover is a replacement for the initial cover that broke my kindle framewhere the top hinge goes into the Kindle. The metal on the original hinge system was too light weight to withstand having the cover fold all the way back on the Kindle and after just over a year resulted in the hinge becoming bent up towards the frame and it cracked the frame on my Kindle.I understand this new Kindle cover is supposed to have corrected that problembut the hinge system looks identical to the one that was on my old cover. I hope that over time, again, about a year plus it won't crack the frame in the same place again on my new Kindle.I am so thankful that Amazon replace both my Kindle and the book cover as a result of this problem.I would recomend that after about 6 months use it would be wise to remove the cover from your Kindle and see if the top hinge is beginning to bend upwards towards the frame and if so contact Amazon before the frame of your Kindle breaks where the top hinge inserts into your Kindle.
Functions. It should be easier.to print off highlights and have a choice not.to have every location and other stuff printing with every highlight.It should be easier to erase "All" highlights.Regular book numbers should correlate with location.Easier.to.forward.through chapters.
GREAT BUY FOR MY GRANDSON. I still have my own Kindle since a few years ago and it still works. I love it and my grandkids both love their kindles.