REQUIRES BUYING many things including space. Didn't know you had to buy space and many other things for this item to work.
Easy to use, great for music. Bought this as a gift for my family, mainly to play music from Amazon. Very pleased with how easy it is to set up and use.
Great item for kids. If you are looking for something inexpensive for your kids this Christmas, this is the one.Easy to operate, good quality and size for kids and adults.
Small compact easy to carry. The Version with the light is the way to go. A case is a must the screen can easily be scratched. over works as intended
Good for the price, but space is an issue. For $50 this is a fine tablet, However I bought a 64gb SD card to expand the storage, however i have found that a majority of apps are not able to be saved to the external card , nor can they save data to it (for example Netflix). So be warned that you will run out of space and consider the one with the larger internal storage.
Affordable. Great product for my 8 year & affordable.. had 2 months & no problems
Great!. I love this. Sold 4 Apple tvs including 4th generation.
fun. Just ask or command the machine does it...getting really lazy now LOL
$$$Value. For the low cost what's not to like. Be careful what/how much you load into the limited memory. An excellent entertainment tool especially when powered with PRIME. Screen (movies & Tv) display excellent. I recommend a "glass" screen protector. Helps greatly manage finger smudge. EZ to setup. EZ to use. EZ on your wallet.
Confusing for me; returning. I ordered this online on black Friday, I live about 30 miles from nearest store and I saw the special on their website, so why not I thought. Came in yesterday. Maybe it's just because I'm not familiar with this product; I'm used to Android tablets that have you set up with your Google account. This one you set up with your Amazon account. OK, no big deal I thought, at first. Then I found it very difficult to install the free 6 month Webroot it came with. I went to Google Play as instructed, it says installed, but there is no Open button to click to continue the process, as instructed. When I contacted Amazon customer support, I was told I can't use Google Play on it and to use the app store instead. I was given a link for Webroot installation but it didn't help. I downloaded Google Chrome but can't find it on the device. No youtube, facebook, gmail apps; won't install. Again, maybe I'm just not used to the product but if I can't use Google apps on it, I won't like this. It's actually for my son and even though teens are often smarter than we adults when it comes to gadgets, LOL, I don't think he will like this either. So I'm returning this; hopefully can find an Android tablet I like (and affordable) at Best Buy.
Good for kids. Keeps my daughter busy, lots of app choices indeed
Very basic. Wry basic, but I guess, it's ok for the price. Bought for a 6 year old.
No instructions. I have yet to use it as I do not know how. I need help!
Good Sound Quality. I got this for my wife to use in her sewing room along with our Amazon Prime Music membership.The sound quality is about the same as a good quality bluetooth speaker and fills the room nicely. And it's great just asking for music and having it play!
All the apps need to be updated!!!. I guess it's ok...All the apps are in need of updating. Amazon won't or can't update them. There help center did nothing.
Great for kids and teens. I have purchased two of these for my children. This is sturdy and easy to use. There are parental controls as well. My 12 y/o and my 10 y/o operate these with ease. I am thinking of purchasing one as a gift for my mother.
Not that useful but a pretty good speaker. Nothing special. It is a pretty good speaker for the money, but it's not that useful for much else. My Apple TV does more for home automation and entertainment.
More kid friendly. Small and lightweight. I wouldn't really recommend for teenagers or adults more so for kids under 10
Excellent starter for children. My grandkids love these, purchased 3 for the 6 - 7 year old. Per them "the best gift I got"
Better for younger kids. I love it for reading but, it has issues when searching the Internet at times.
No different. This product is no different than the fire stick in my opinion it does have more memory and an option where you can add an SD card to it but other than that it is the same as a firestick no reason to pay twice the money for this box
Significantly improved. This product is significantly improved over my previously owned first generation Kindle and first generation Fire. The resolution is better, the programmable features are more numerous and the response is quicker.
Not Good. The tablet would never turn on, even after charging
Like the spikier. I had an insignia tablets before they are very low on saund
Would not work properly!. Could not get it to work properly. I put the app on my phone and my computer. I reached out for help. They responded and it still didn't work. I finally got frustrated and returned it.
It DOESN'T Work. My adaptor doesn't work. Maybe I'm doing something wrong but there are no instructions. It looks pretty simple. So it just simply doesn't work.
Great for kids!. My 2yr old daughter loves it! Perfect Xmas gift!
Way, way, way overpriced. If you actually paid 20 for this adapter, you're out of your mind.
Sucks. Most apps you have to pay for basic apps like YouTube will not download without inputting credit card information what tablet for child not plausible to put in credit card information
good for price. Tablet is ok. It does display ads on the lock screen, that you can't opt out of, to my knowledge. But for the price, I can't really complain. I bought it at the $35 BF price. I wouldn't let me download Instagram for some reason either.
Great Pad. Bought it for my wifes Yoga Training Course.So much cheaper than buying all the paperback books she needed, and she loves it!Cheaper books, music, emails.. What more do you need?
Limited options. I feel like it plays the same playlist every time.
Subscribe or Nothing Works. This device plays on the fact that you must subscribe to their stuff or this is just a empty cylinder that tells you the weather and that's it. And even then there is a subscription required for everything. Google Home at least plays general music lists and a number of other key actions.
Lovely product. My wife loves it she uses it every night to read her romance novels so if my wife's happy I'm happy!!!
Excellent for kids. My kid love it.its an excellent one................
Love, Love, Love. I purchased this product for my youngest son! He loved the color and the size. The storage is great for the number of activities that he has downloaded!
My grandson needed more. I bought this for my two year old grandson but the restrictions were too much.
I'm returning it because a new version is coming i. I'm returning it because a new version is coming i
Awful. Expected it to be a bigger version of the HDX but it was not. The email was bad and so was the calendar.
Great for my 5 year old daughter. Bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She loves it
Don't like...too hard to download other apps. I didon't care for this tablet, downloading apps outside of Amazon was really confusing.
Ok. You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 3 year old it's ok
Good For the Price / Play games and Watch Movies. My kids watch movies in the car, I link in with my mobile device and share my unlimited internet with both tablets. I have set up hulu / netflix on both accounts and they have tons of hrs of movies and shows. Amaxzon also gives you a 1 year subscription to games. And worry free 2 years replacement guarantee!!!!!
Not a bad product. I bought this for 3 year old to replace an older Ipad. it was functional but no where near level of ipad. This is understandable based on price difference/ I returned to store.
Gift for our college daughter. Our daughter loves the size and portability of the product. Her iPad died and she uses her Mac book for school so this was a great choice for her to read books on.
Ok. I do like some things about this but I still believe it cost to much
Decent hardware, not the best Android experience. I bought this when it was on sale, and my rewards coupon was expiring so I felt I didn't have much to lose. Overall, this tablet is a good value, but you have to be careful about certain aspects.The tablet is really fast for something in this price range. The screen has pretty good resolution as well. There is no Bluetooth connectivity so keyboards and wireless headphones won't work with it.The app store is the Amazon app store. I side loaded Google Play and am getting my apps from there (YouTube helpful for instructions). The lock screen is an Amazon billboard. The default search is Bing instead of Google. I haven't figured out how to fix that yet. I just use the Google app to search Google. You can load the Chromecast app from Play, but it is hit or miss as to whether it works. It works for YouTube and Flixter, but it doesn't work for any Disney Apps (Watch ESPN, Watch ABC, etc.). You can cast the screen and view things that way, but the resolution is limited to the resolution of the tablet's screen.I think it was a good deal since it was cheap, and I can now watch my Prime Movies on it. Still, it's not the tablet you would expect from an Android device. My satisfaction would improve greatly if Chromecast worked better.
So so. You get what you pay for. Playtime works when it wants to. Went on a long trip and the videos we downloaded had issues playing most of the time. My son is almost 2. He gets bored of it quickly. The pros are the price and it is well protected externally.
it's ok. my kids have this. it works okay for things like youtube or netflix. Apps take longer to load and many games that you can get for the iPad aren't available on the Fire Tablet. Still say go with Mac.
Great speaker sound. Nice sounding speaker and by adding my Apps I can listen to my music
Decent if you have money to burn. It's a fun little toy but lacks practicality. In order to make it user friendly, I recommend a battery for it. You will also need Amazon prime in order for the music to play worth a darn. Otherwise you will be stuck searching through your phone for your song.
Stuck on Amazon screen. It's hard to give a review cause it's stuck on Amazon home screen. It might be a good product but I don't know
Great for kids.. I got this for my two grandsons (ages 2 & 4) for Christmas. They love them.
I haven't really figured out how to use it. I hope to use it once I figure out how to use it. I am trying.
Okay device. I had a chance to see the Google Home in action before I purchased this and now wished I had picked the Google Home. I have yet to have Echo answer a question for me without saying she cannot answer the question.
It's good not great. I thought there would be a bigger step up from the fire stick. Honestly, if you want to save money, just go with the fire stick.
great tv. excellent picture and sound. We purchased this TV for a guest room/office. It has an excellent picture and great sound.
Never booted. I bought this thinking since we'd bought several other refurbished things that worked, that it would be okay. The box never booted properly so the only thing we could stare at was the Amazon logo and the words Unknown Boot in the corner. Customer Service tried to help with the box but we couldn't get it to trouble shoot. Sending this box back.
You Get What You Pay For. this item was on a hefty sale, bought two for work purposes. a bit slow and annoyed by the constant Amazon notifications / integrations but it will work for the purpose of check emails and viewing photos.
Good enough. Good enough for the price, I guess, but the touchscreen doesn't work in spots
Great product. Replacing my son's 5 year old computer. He love the apple products
Just Standard. I ordered several of these to send to family in Haiti. They were on sale.
Started out great. We started out great. We had a great thing going. I loved her, she was easy on the eyes, and looked great in any light. Then 7 months into it, I could no longer turn her on. I tried the reboot with no luck. She is still under warranty but that doesn't matter because Best Buy's return policy stinks. If I do try to replace her, I will not buy it here.
Good for Basic use. Purchased Blue unit - parenthesis below is error correction for that review since BB does not allow edit. Good bare bones tablet for anyone if that is all you seek. Do not expect the performance of a $400 tablet for $50. I have wifi & bluetooth going while streaming netflix and it performs fine, no lag on a reliable network. This is an amazon based OS, not a traditional android system.... so it is all geared toward amazon advertising/purchasing and will not let you do much unless you register your device with an amazon account, (*which is linked to and displays any saved credit card/payment data associated with your account. Not very private or secure in my opinion.*) All apps must be obtained from their amazon app store, no google play store which is considerably simpler. There are ways around this of course if you know how. One more thing that is important and it is this... After more than a week, I finally noticed with more use that my screen has 2 spots with dead pixels which show up as solid white dots and cannot be seen unless on a very dark or black screen. After searching & reading online, it seems there are very many reports of these tablets purchased from any source having this issue. Even read someone who purchased a 5 pack and had several units with dead pixels. Test your new tablet right away after buying on a dark screen. You may be fine but it pays to look. I did not overly use my tablet at first and did not notice right away and though I still have the receipt, I already discarded the packaging. I am at the 14 day point today and could have still returned it otherwise, but honestly for all I use it for I am not overly concerned. Still whether 50 or 400 dollars, a brand new item should be free of defects. Again, so far I find it to be a reliable device if a simple bare bones tablet is all you need.
kids fun. Needs to be more simpler. parental contorl still need to be better
GreT. It's slippery u cannot hold it it always slips and lots of ads definitely not good if u don't like advertising
Neat tablet. This tablet is perfect for my needs which are mostly online books.
Better than expected. This was supposed to be my back-up travel type tablet.It has a display that is much better than my bigger tablet.It starts faster.The touch screen is more accurate,.Even at twice the price it would still be a bargain.
Ok. You get what you pay for Was not to happy but for a 2 year old it's ok
Good. Good for kids ... brightness is not so good, .....
App options pathetic. Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed
not bad, but.... I had to sideload google play services to be able to download from the google play store or use google chrome as a web browser, as this tablet was designed to be exclusive to Amazon.
What a piece of junk. Except unlike the Millennium Falcon this doesn't have it where it counts. Software is a mess. I didn't expect much from a $50 tablet but man was it painful to use.
As an OEM replacement, I suppose its worth a .... As an OEM replacement, I suppose its worth a bit more but this price is excessive. A similar product for my Amazon fire was purchased at Walmart for about 3
Simple and great value. Device is very simple but well worth the money. Making it a great value.
Easy to use. Has all of the functions of the expensive iPads and works great for fraction of the cost!!!
Graat table for being. Hey man who was the only way to the next few days ago by the way to get the latest version of this message has a lot more than just the right now
Great product, pick up process was fast. Ordered for my daughter to replace an older version and she loves it. Larger screen and colored case are a big plus.
Ok starter. Works well but too much advertisements with little control over content.