good concept but has some issues. the concept is great! We have had some issues with certain streams being unplayable and it is sometimes difficult to find what you are looking for. There needs to be an easier way to maneuver and find the things you want to watch.
not so good. i bought two fire tv boxes and both of them have problems, the problem is that the remote suddenly stops working and then it comes back and works, sometimes it takes a few minutes for it to start working. That never happen with the roku
Best product. Easy to use and install Love it I get to stream almost everything
Great product at a reasonable price. The Amazon Fire TV is a quality product at an affordable price. Less expensive than Apple TV and more capable with a good app eco system. Also able to stream UHD.
Setup is a joke. Tried setting this up on 2 TV's using both WIFI and Ethernet for hours. Could never get a signal. A total waste of time.
Get more from this then cable provides. This little box gives you endless TV episodes, tons of movies, 5 million songs, And Photo storage and display when linked to an Amazon prime account. It also allows you to get apps from all over the place and even play games. I am also streaming live TV with Vue thru this little tiny, shiny, black box. I am impressed.
Best Streaming Device. Amazon Fire TV is the best streaming device money can buy and will cancel cox, directv and any other programming paying for. It works smoothly with good internet service and cable modem. Best device on market to stream movies and tv shows. Will keep buying them for my family.
Money saver. i am so pleased with my fire tv ! Very easy to operate!
Great product. Our family streams movies and tv from amazon and direct tv now and this is great
Amazon Centric. Fire worked fine and was simple to set up. I must add, however, that the overview menu should have more than a few on-line locations (Apps) like Netflix and YouTube. It should work as a main menu whose apps include things like liveTV, DiscPlayer, and even phonograph. Instead, it is pretty much all-Amazon. At least, if it was easy to access, it was Amazon. Aliza was not all that helpful either for non-Amazon material, certainly not for TV shows that are not in the Amazon library. I think it is a mistake to make me change source to access almost anything but Amazon. I was spoiled by my previous (Old Sony) BluRay Disc Player that did indeed act like a central menu for everything -- including Amazon. I may be showing my age and ignorance here, but I bet I have lots of company. I say KISS for usage, even if it means a more complicated install.
Works. It works. Not as user friendly as roku. Not as many apps as roku. No google play store.
Just ok. Owned roku for years. Bought fire tv to root to watch free tv and movies. Only a few apps vs roku. Roku-user friendly more apps.Fire tv- free movies, free recorded tv
Lack of Google play store.. Works great until....... I had forgotten that Amazon fire did not come with Google Playstore. I looked up how to add Playstore to the 7" Fire. There are many videos on YouTube that showed how to add Playstore to the fire. All seemed to add it OK but the loss performance of the Fire was noticeable. There were several apps that failed to work at all or lost features. One example was Lifetime. It was slow to load and failed to bring up Chromecast. One reason I hoped for this app would work was my Samsung and Vizio SMART TV's don't offer this app. I found a old tablet I had forgotten I had. I loaded Lifetime and works perfect. I guess what it boils down to, it you are after apps on the Playstore, get a non Amazon tablet. It is just easier to use, apps should work and you don't have to fool around trying to adapt Playstore. If Playstore isn't critical, then I'm sure this a a great little table.
Better than Roku. Replaced the Roku so I could have Alexa change my shows.
Great Partner for a 4K TV. If you are looking to add smart TV capabilities to your TV (or replace existing smart TV capabilities), this is the product to own! In my opinion Amazon knocked it out of the park with this streamer. Paired with a 4K TV, it adds amazing clarity to 4K Content!
Great Device for reduced and free TV streaming. This is my first streaming TV device and I am new to the technology. It was very easy to set up and configure, taking only a few minutes. It worked like a charm! I then downloaded Kodi onto the device, following a youtube instructional video. While Kodi takes a little more patience and time, once installed, it is an awesome supplement to the Fire TV. Between the built-in service offerings and the vast amount of free streaming services offered via Kodi, this device is a 100% winner!!! No more cable and satellite TV subscriptions for this person!!
Does the job. I got this because I didn't want to set another cable box in my room. I don't watch a lot of tv to begin with. What I like about the fire tv is that you can download apps such as the Uverse app from att and watch live tv from it. And other apps like history channel, Netflix, food channel. You can also buy an app that lets you connect your smart phone to the tv. So if you have a movie on your phone or laptop that the fire tv doesn't have, you can connect it and mirror it and it will appear on your tv. Almost as having a cable box but you only pay once and not every month for it. The control does get disconnected a lot, I don't know if it's the Amazon batteries or if it's the remote. Over its good for someone who doesn't watch a lot of tv.
Great for streaming.. Great for streaming. Price is affordable. I will tell my friends.
It streams your content. Although I had a Roku three that did most of what I needed, Playstation Vue isn't available but it is available on the Fire TV. If you have a prime membership, this is probably for you. If you are one of the people that don't like me, this is nothing but a way for amazon to get you to buy more stuff from them. You can't set the menu's to only show the content that you own and the apps that you have downloaded can't be put first on the list.
Ok for previous shiws. Not much of a selection for shows or movies. Hopefully changes
it is better than having to overpay for cable. Was tired of getting ripped off by Greenlight cable so decided to do something about it.No monthly charge or late fees for movies.
Just ok. I had the first generation fire tv and I really don't see any reason to upgrade. Sure it has 4k support but only for Amazon movies, not Netflix. I returned this device.
not really 4k. I purchased this firetv to upgrade my from first firetv version as I have a samsung 4k tv, this new firetv recognized my hdmi port as 4k compatible when I set the resolution to 4k on video settings, after trying all posible settings, this bug only gives 1080 even playing 4k content. firetv1=firetv2.
Great streaming device. This is a great device for streaming content to your TV. If you have an Amazon Prime account, definitely a must buy. Worth the extra money over the Fire Stick.
Replaced both Rokus. We have been using Roku for a couple of years, when they started going bad decided to try something new. Now we have replaced both Roku with the Amazon Fire. Works great and looks good. Very portable and easy to hook up.
No FOX sports network (FS1) without a paid cable. Basically has almost the same content as a Roku 3 would provide, but in a much more clunkier menu. I can get a better Amazon menu layout via the Amazon app on the Roku 3. Also for those that were hoping to pick up some extra football via FOX sports network (FS1), that is not happening. You can add the channel free, but in order to watch any content you will still need a cable or satellite subscription which defeats the whole purpose of adding the app for us cord cutters. There is NO way I am signing back up for cable or satellite. I wish FS1 would get with the program and offer a separate subscription such as HBO and Showtime do. It's a thumbs down for me.
Bad!. I purchased the Fire tv box and it just stopped working one day. Wont boot, just sits at the logo. I spoke to customer service who could care less. They said the best they could do is sell me another box seeing that my warranty had expired. Its not like I bought this in 2012. Someone there even told me that if I have a ROKU box I can watch it with that instead. TOTALLY UNEXCEPTIONABLE! Me an my wife are long time Prime members and expected a little more from Amazon. I am on my way to buy an Nvidia Shield TV for my streaming needs. BTW it doesnt have an Amazon app (wink). This is the first box I have ever owned that just stopped working.
NEER AGAIN. HAD THE AMAZON FIRE TV BOX FOX 1 WEEK AND IT BROKE
Great box. This box is works great all the apps work and are responsive with little to no lag. For 99 bucks it's a great deal I barely watch cable anymore because you can access tv shows on every network from the most recent to the first episode. I use this every single night since buying it and have had no problems with it at all
Works great. Side loaded with kodi and loving no cable bill. Well worth the money.
Great TV streaming!. A great way to stream very simple lots of apps easy to maneuver through great piece of equipment.
4K Issues. Didn't work well in 4K at all. After going in 4K mode and returning back to the menu screen, the Fire Tv would show a black screen and had to be unplugged to start back up. The menu screen isn't in 4K like it is in the Shield Tv which a better item by miles. 4K uses all of the resources of the Fire Tv and other apps have to be closed for it to play 4K videos or it runs into problems such as black screen.
The Amazon tv box. I absolutely love it. Cut my cable bill in half. So many movies and stations I would never have dreamed of trying
Just Okay... Too Quirky. We're an unplugged family - multiple devices (Kindles, iPads, Roku, etc.) - so we're pretty familiar with this sort of tech. Fire TV works okay, but the remote has started giving me problems and we've only had the product for about 6 months. Our Roku 3, which we've had for over a year, is much smoother and hasn't given us any problems. We also use a Chromecast, which also seems to be less quirky than the FireTV. I have a PS3 in the same room as the FireTV and I find myself going to the PS3 when the FireTV starts to annoy. Unless you're looking for a device that can also run Kodi, I'd strongly recommend the Roku 3 over the FireTV.
Sufficient for streaming.. Bought this device to stream Netflix, Amazon Prime, and to play downloaded content. For that purpose it is sufficient. I wouldn't use a Fire Tablet as a productivity device as it is seriously underpowered. Fire tablet bogged down pretty quickly when I attempted to multi-task. Bottomline, this is not an iPad replacement - particularly if you like to do a variety of things on your tablet. But at $33 on sale, this was a very good deal for my purposes.
Serving its purpose for cheap. Amazon Fire is doing its job. Kids play games, access internet. Slower onside of streaming
Fun Little Toy. This thing is AWE... wait for it... SOME. Don't like cable? Buy this thing immediately!
Don't even bother. This item is the worst ever a d the tech support is even worst. Spent hour troubleshooting and their solution was to return it to Bestbuy a d get anotherone. So i did. And guess what? It didn't work ether. Basically the Netflix app can't be downloaded becuse the Amazon Fire tv won't let you and to make it worst if you're a fan of HBO brace yourself becuase the app isn't even available on their app store. HBO simply doesn't exist. I spent in total 4 days troubleshooting with the Amazon team actually managing the Fire TV remotely from their offices and the answer was that ether the equipment is defective or that they don't have Netflix or HBO available for it. REALLY ITS FREAKING ADVERTISED ON THE BOX. DONT WAIST YOUR MONEY. better get an apple tv or a roku
Great box for the cord cutter. Has everything you need... Movies, Tv, apps and game's in a nice interface
Ok streaming box. Sometime it just stays in sleep mode and you have to restart it
Certified Garbage!. Certified garbage! Lesson learned about paying attention to reviews. Fire TV box and remote was packaged like new, even included new batteries. After plugging it in it would only show Amazon logo and 'unknown boot' on screen. Cycled power several times and even tried to reset using remote buttons, no dice. I read all the negative reviews before I purchased this, I chose to take the chance so I'm angry with myself, but very disappointed with Amazon for even suggesting this is refurbished, let alone certified, as if that means something.