attractive case - may not protect in a fall One person found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you Yes No. It's a nice looking cover, will keep the Fire clean, but not particularly safe in a fall. (I have the black one. It is very professional looking.) No padding whatsoever. It does wake the Fire up when opened (and shut down when closed) but that has never been important to me. My problem with all of the cases is that you have to hold the cover out in order to keep the camera clear and it makes clicking the shutter a little awkward. I'd like to see an opening on the front cover that matches up to the opening on the back so you can have it folded in half and still be able to view the subject.
A Great buy. I have been wanting a tablet and numerous family members suggested the Amazon Fire tablet. I was afraid that the 7" size would not be large enough but it is working out perfectly for me! It's size makes it extremely easy to carry and the graphics are amazing. I am sooo happy that I decided to get this tablet. It truly is a (forgive the pun) "Best Buy"
great tablet. The Amazon Fire is a great tablet and it is very easy to use.
Glorified eReader, not a tablet. Bought this for my Mom as a gift and was really disappointed. This device DOES NOT RUN FULL ANDROID. You cannot get third party apps even though they sell it as tablet. This device is only good if you only use Amazon (shopping, books, games), otherwise you can't download anything - not even a weather app. Not worth my money to be so limited - Returned the device and got the Lenovo Tab 2 A7 and we are MUCH happier with it!
great tablet for children. My brother told me about this product. I bought it for my son and he loves it.
Best tablet for the price. I'm a huge fan of these tablets. If you aren't trying to spend a lot of money, or if you aren't an avid daily user, this will easily do all the basic necessities
Basic. I brought the tablet for my 9 year old son it's great for the kids can play lots of games download apps get on you tube ect but I don't like the fact every now and then it makes this weird sound and the screen blanks out and I have to turn the tablet off in order for it to work again.
More of a toy. Picked this up for a 7 year old. I'm used to using iPads, but not a bad little tablet for a kid and Im not worried if if something happens to it.
Not what I expected. I was expecting an Android device and discovered it was an "Android like" device. My fault for not reading up on his device before hand. I returned the Amazon Fire and bought a Samsung Tab E.I probably would recommend this tablet if you wanted a device for reading.
Good tablet for a good price. I got this tablet for Black Friday at a decent price. It's 8 inches, you can add more space with a micro sd and very easy to use.
Glorified eReader. I purchased this for my mother to use primarily to check Facebook and watch Netflix. I was a little bit disappointed to find out that there was not a Vudu app available. I hope that one is in the development stages. I knew that this was not a full out tablet when I bought it, but had hoped that since it was based on Android, it would have the major Android apps.
Great tablet for my son. My son loves his kindle fire tablet. It is perfect
Awesome!!!. If you are a Amazon Prime member, this is one of the best tablets to have, awesome!
Crashed after update. My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed
Do Not Buy This Tablet. I bought this tablet because it seemed worth it for the price. However, it only lasted 6 months before the battery died and was not chargeable, regardless of troubLeshooting and what cord or outlet I used.Best Buy said they couldn't do anything but said Amazon could help me since it should be under warranty. I escalated multiple times with Amazon and they refused to help me each time. So save your $49.99 and put it towards a good product.
Excellent gift for my nephew. This tablet was a gift for my nephew who is 10, great gift where he can use it to get on the internet. It works well for what he is using it for.
Okay for Starter. I think this tablet is better for simple usage. Not so much for a whole lot of apps and games, as the memory is used up SUPER FAST for only being 8GB (when in reality you don't get the full 8GB to begin with). I got this for my 7yr old daughter and the apps eat up the memory which eventually slow down the tablet and make it kick off the wifi because there isn't enough memory for it to fully function. You pretty much HAVE to get a memory card for it with atleast 16GB or more. But for a starter and for basic stuff...checking social media etc it's fine. And for a starter tablet for kids.
Ok tablet. If you're just going to read and play a game or two, maybe surf the internet a bit, this is an ok tablet. But if you are a heavy user, I'd tell you to pass on this tablet because it won't keep up with your surfing/games/e-mail.
OK For Entry Level Tablet. My 7-year old daughter saved up to by this. Her brother bought the 8GB about a year earlier, so new she needed more space. The OS is a bit clunky, and less intuitive then on higher priced tablets, but tough to beat the price. Speed isn't great for web or certain gaming apps, but fine for books. Parental controls are helpful, but take time to figure out and require more steps than seem necessary to change. Overall, OK first tablet for kids, considering the price. For adults, fine for e-books and VERY basic apps. Otherwise, best to pay up for better quality and OS efficiency.
Wonderful tablet for the price. I was really surprised with this tablet. I'm glad I made the purchase. I am able to do as much and more with it as a tablet I paid much more for. I also love the size. The mobility makes it much easier to carry around better than my laptop, Great buy.
An OK Tablet. Somewhat substandard. iPads are certainly better. But it gets the job done for $50.
Good for a kid. Won't load or be compatible with some games sold by Amazon.
Amazing. Easy to use even my 6year old can do it! We use it on a daily basis to watch Netflix and play games on it!
Nice Amazon Fire. Nice Amazon Fire tablet But...the camera is not clear enough 2.0 megapixels and Amazon Fire is very slow wedsite and app it takes very forever download I think I have to returned on best buy and buy a good tablet 10.1 Lenovo and Samsung Galaxy...I will gave a Zero Rating Star
Nice tablet, good price. I bought this Amazon Fire tablet for my daughter and she loves it. It has good screen resolution and you can increase memory by inserting a micro sd card.
Amazon fire. This is the most incredible tablet for the price. I recommend to anyone who wants a dependable tablet and doesn't want to spend a fortune.
Battery Port Sucks. The kids were loving these as Christmas gifts but here we are 6 months later and the battery charging port barely even works. We have to hold the charging cable at a certain angle for it to even charge. I wasn't expecting a super long life out of these tablets at $39.99 a pop but should've lasted longer than 5-6 months. Very upset with 4 sad kiddos.
Fire 10. I thought the tablet would be a little wider, its just too long
Tablet. It's for my kids so I didn't want to spend to much but they down load all the games they want and keeps them busy
limited. It's a basic tab. Only for reading. I didn't keep it.
Built Better than the Samsung Lite. Built solidly. Very slow. I bought this for my kids but I cant download kids YouTube on it
Already had an iPad.. I already had an iPad and just bought this to see what all the fuss was about. Haven't used it hardly ever.
Tablet not for kids. Great case ok tablet no Android play store. Weak micro usb port. It's isn't an straight out the box tablet. Had to install Android play store on it. And as far as the charging port goes I'm on my 3rd one but best buy are the best with their return policy...
Get What U Pay for. the tablet is okay its not like apple I pad don't cheat your self .
it's just ok for a tablet. it's just ok for a tablet, it doesn't have google play store of course which limits a wide variety. I would think by now they would offer most of the play store apps but nope. It's slow and browser doesn't load pages with flash or graphics good. poor camera. but it functions ok for a cheap tablet. i didn't expect a lot, but did expect better from kindle.
This item is not my primary tablet but is adequate. This tablet is sufficient for secondary use. At times searches are slow and memory is limited.
Greatest tablet ever. My other daughter has this same tablet, so I knew it would be a winner with my other child as well.
A Mixed Bag. Pros:CheapFunctions wellUsually pretty fastCons:Wifi signal isn't as strong as more expensive tabletsScreen pales in comparison to other Kindle'sFrequent burn-inIf you're looking for a cheap tablet that works, this does that. If you're looking for a top quality product at a bargain bin price, this isn't that.
tab. got it to play games or get info when waiting at dr app
Not too kid friendly. Overall I wasn't too impressed with his tablet. Actually returned it for an iPad mini bc my kid like it better and it was easier to use.
Great Tablet. I bought this tablet for my mother-in-law. She loves it! It was the best rated tablet for the price and is a quality product. Does everything she needs.
ok tablet. had a fire HD, got this to try, spend the extra and get the HD
Basic tablet. I'm giving it three stars because I haven't used it much, only to watch a few shows and movies.I've had it for aprox. a month and sometimes the screen goes blank, I have no idea why...is it the tablet?...or maybe the app?...clueless... I'm not making a big deal of it because I bought it on Black Friday (not that I have money to waste), but I don't think I'd buy it again.
Great for kids or first time tablet user. This tablet screen and memory is lackluster at best but other than that if you are replacing another one of the Kids tablets or giving a gift to an older family member this is the way to go. The video on Amazon website shows a better picture while streaming video, Amazon "One touch" is turned on automatically so be careful to password protect purchases unless you don't mind a lot of $2.99 purchases. In short they make it too easy to purchase items by mistake. I thought I was on Prime video and notice that I was charged for an episode of Warehouse 13. Since I didn't see the show and caught this quickly I was able to chat with Amazon Customer Care and they walked me through how to change that setting online. This tablet not for me since I'm looking for a higher end media tablet with more memory than the 8GB this unit has.
Great Tablet for a Beginner. I bought this tablet as a Christmas gift for my granddaughter who just started kindergarten and it is helping her tremendously with her basic skills in counting and reading in English and foreign languages. She also enjoys having the tablet to read stories to her as it lights up the words for her to read along. She loves the ability to watch her favorite programs as well. This was most definitely a worthwhile purchase.
Almost a very good cheap smaller tablet. Seems like a good value, though I'm not sure how much it allows Amazon to spy on me. Major problem, does not connect my WIFI at home. My Android and Lap Top connect; and the Fire connects elsewhere, not sure if it's a WIFI problem or a Fire problem. Will contact Amazon to see if they can tell. Otherwise I would recommend.
It's a $50 tablet. I decided I wanted to "try" a tablet for reading books and a little social media instead of using my phone all the time. I researched the Fire 7 and Fire HD 8 and settled on the 7 knowing that it is a low end device. The device is slick and easy to use, and the Alexa integration is really cool. But "It's a $50 tablet". At times, the performance is awful slow. I suspect it is updating content, say on twitter or FB. My complaint is when it is doing this, there are no visuals to let you know it is busy. I finally got on Amazon's chat feature, and several hours later, including several power cycles and a complete factory restore, the performance is the same. The reps at Amazon tried their best - and FWIW, I knew there was nothing they could do to speed it up before I contacted them, but I thought I would give it a try. So get this if you want, just be patient. Remember, "It's a $50 tablet". If you want better performance, spend more $$.
A cheap tablet. I was hoping to use Google launcher with this tablet but it is really locked down and you cannot change the launcher or the lock screen. Still cheap and fine for watching movies.
Decent Kids Edition. This makes for a decent tablet for a kid with the kids edition, but I'm not sure I'd want it as an adult. There are much better tablets on the market. But since it's cheap, that's to be expected.
ok after I got one...... Had to return TWO tablets b/c they had dead pixels. Third was fine!
Great Table for a beginner. You give an amazing 7” tablet, with front and rear facing cameras, a nice interface, fairly snappy performance and durability, all for under 50 bucks! I can’t imagine not buying these for your kids, but not a primary tablet for a techie adult by any means.I f you are looking for a great entry level tablet that does most of the things people want, this little tablet definitely delivers the value.
Kids Tablet. It was ok. You need Internet. The SDmini is a hassle.
Good pad for places not for IPad. Good size screen and clarity for the money. Seems fairly robust. The biggest problem is putting apps on it, at least free games. They do not have a great selection and when I put them on some of them require you turn on tracking so they can collect information or they won't let you play it
Cheap tablet. You get what you pay for. It's $50 and that's about the quality you get. Overall works great but slow and crashes occasionally. Not the best battery.
Amazon - Fire...you mean Fizzle.. Did not work right out of the box; bad hard drive. Read other reviews that stated the same issue. Would not recommend to anyone. Save your money.
Excellent HD8 16GB Tablet. I love this tablet. The battery life last a long time. I use my Amazon Kindle Fire predominately for watching movies on Amazon Prime, Netflix's, and checking my emails. I also carry it to my appointments and meetings. It is a compact tablet, and not big and bulky. The playback of the movies are great, and the movies are HD. Great little tablet if you are looking for something to watch movies and checking emails. I would definitely recommend this tablet to friends and family members.
Won't unlock. Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.
Over heats. First day of purchase it overheats. Defective product.
Ok for Basics. Very basic. If you need more than the basics, look for an Android tablet.
Disposable tablet. Disposable tablet, almost like a burner phone. Works ok, but need SD card, very little space.
Nice for the price. Nice tablet. Love reading books on this, kid profile option is excellent
wonderful tablet for on the go!!!!!. I have a desktop at home but this will let me know whats going on at all times......
These are great tablets for kids!. My kids love these tablets. They have a very easy operating system! Very user friendly!
Poor quality tablet. I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .
Good tablet. This was gift for my step son. It is easy to use and set up.
Great tablet. Tablet works well, slim design is perfect. Highly recommended to purchase this tablet.
The tablet I bought was a 3th birthday gift... Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....
Ok tablet. Cheap functional tablet, slower than most if not all latest smartphones.
Liked it so much I bought two!. Initially we purchased the Kids Kindle Fire for our 3 year old. The parental controls and time limitations are super easy to set up. We have a Samsung Galaxy tablet that our 9 year old son uses, but we ended up getting a second Fire for him because it seemed very kid-friendly and I didn't have to worry about any inappropriate content popping up. Lots of good educational apps and games.
Confused. The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.
You get what you pay for. Decent tablet for the price. Expect just basic use and function. This is no iPad be sure you aren't expecting that.
Great tablet. Great tablet for a very small price. Would buy again.
Great tablet. Great improvement over the old kindle fire. Better size than the hd7. Not to big and not too small. Fast processing spead.
Certainly not an iPad, but good price. iPad without the bells and whistles. The parental controls are good, but a bit confusing. Haven't had the time to sit down and sort it out
Great Tablet. Was looking for a tablet with expandable memory that was reliable. Amazon Tablet was the best choice
Grandkids love this. My grandkids plays with this tablet all the time.lots of videos and games
Ads ads and ads. If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!
mediochre device. pretty much you get what you pay for... not bad, but not great, but an inexpensive fix for the cause
Kind of complicated. I bought 2 of these tablets for my two youngest children. They had a lot of options to chose from as far as children apps go, but they were already familiar with the iPad since they stole mine all the time. Lol. That made it hard for them as well as myself to figure out how to use at first. Besides that, it's a good product.
Get what you pay for. Very low quality tablet. It lags on games. But what do you expect for $50? However, you can still do most things you'd expect to do with a tablet.
Tablet doesn't "TURN ON"!!!. I have bought 2 tablets for my son and didn't open it after I received it because it was a birthday gift for them and when they open it on their Big day 1 of the tablet didn't turn on ,the screen is just purple I m out of country right now and will be back on August 4,2107 and I emailed BEST BUY "Geek Squad " and told them the whole situation but nobody responded,very disappointed it was a surprise gift for my kiddos and 1 of my son was really upset that tablet won't turn on,let's see if Best Buy read my review and take some action !!!
Small tablet for a small price. Small table for a small price comparable to other tablet options on the market but not as user-friendly as I'd hoped. I prefer Samsung and the Google Playstore. Initial set up took a while citing the table to could not locate WIFI but it was on an accessible and in use by other devices at the same moment with accessibility for the Fire tablet to also connect. Eventually it connected but the ability to use the tablet, functions, tools, etc with ease was disappointing to myself (adult) and child I purchased it for. However it's a great "first-time" tablet and priced well.
Ended up returning. I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.
Everything I expected from a tablet. No problems so far. Used by my 15 year old to play games and browse the Internet.
NO WARRANTY COVERAGE. charging port fault appeared in tablet after 2 weeks of purchase from BB, I went to BB store for warranty claim, they said to contact Amazon for any issue, Amazon said they didn't recognise my order in their system. Ended without any remedy.
Damaged. I bought this tablet for my mother 12/7/15 as a Christmas gift, which I gave to her on the day 12/25. Just this week 1/8 she called to tell me that the tablet was not working right. I went to see her and check it out. Sure enough it wasn't functioning properly. I'm hoping that when I take it in, it will be replaced without a problem. I know sometimes items are just defective. That's why I would recommend this item. I've had my Kindle Fire for 3 years now with never a problem.
Not user Friendly. Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.
It's OK...it's no android. I thought I would get the fire as a back up tab for my grand daughters. Well, in my opinion it's a little more confusing to navigate around than just a plain android tablet. So if, like me you are an android lurana566, this is a bit different to operate.
Too small. My mother has the larger Amazon tablet, which prompted me to purchase this version. The tablet screen seemed smaller than a standard 7' tablet, so I returned it.
Great tablet but charging port stopped working. Tablet was working perfectly. Now the charging port isn't working. Can't charge the tablet. Will be sending back.
Great tablet for the price. Yes, you get ads on the lockscreen but the Fire OS has improved do much that it makes up for any shortcoming. It's a great tablet for the price
Good tablet for kids. Inexpensive, No need to worry about it getting broken/lost
Great tablet for my three kids. It's great - each of my kids received one last month for Christmas (ages 8, 12, 15). We gave it to them mostly for reading and they love them. Yes the younger two game on them and watch their shows as well, but most of the time I "catch" them reading. I thought the ads would bug them but they only appear when you initially turn on the device and that's it. No one's said a thing. Good screen quality too. We purchased a 32g SD card for each tablet for more storage.
Great tablet. Great tablet and for a great price. Good for gifts.
good tablet. My husband is enjoying this tablet for reading and netflix.
Perfect. Great little tablet. Exactly what we needed for our daughter. It works great around the house and she can play games while we roadtrip. Perfect for our needs.
Standard tablet for kids. It's exactly what you would expect for a tablet under $100. Very basic. Screen resolution if sub par for what's out today. Speed is questionable but works for our 2 year old.