Just OK. Bought this for my mom. The touchscreen is not as responsive as my iPad. The camera is a little underpowered too. I didn't think it would matter much, but it is pretty pixelated. It serves her purposes and I knew it wasn't a high end device going in. She has been able to fumigate it out mostly, so that's been a bonus.
A great gift. Gave as a Christmas gift. Recently learned that it stopped working within two weeks.
non functional!!!. horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties
Its okay. When purchased it wouldnt turn on. After doing some research everyone said theirs did that after dropped or being dropped in water. I FINALLY got it to come on.
Ok ok. If you are fan of iOS and iPad then you will not like this product. I prefer to give it to either kids who want to play and watch videos or people who loves to read( only if they Amazon prime account).
Great. This has been great buy. Two friends liked ours and bought one
Very happy. Bought this as a gift for my mom and couldn't be more pleased at how she is enjoying it.
hate it. not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done
ehh. pretty slow, but for the price i guess it works ok
Great. This is a great gift has every thing you need to have fun
Worked well. Worked well as expected.
Little slow. Tried IP controlling with a Control4 system, response was slow with button presses. Video quality seems better on Appletv
excellent product. A+ I would highly recommend this product. It is easy to use.
Ok but i expected more.. Movee very slow but it is ok for the price that i paid for it.
It's okay. volume is a problem we have to take off the protective case for it to sound clear.
Not really statisfied with features. Dont have option for password ask you before buying apps once you authorized as allow its done.Not as many free good apps Like apple have it
Not impressed. Bought 2, 1 did not work out of the box. Too slow, too much trouble to setup and requires amazon account to use. Returned both items
It's ok. Most of the things you ask it, it doesn't know the answer to
Junk. Absolute junk, don't waste your money. Bought for wife for a Christmas gift. Would not connect to Wi-Fi at my house. Useless!
Awesome. My best purchase to date. This product is awesome.
Not a good product. hard to use, and does not support Guam. online instructions not clear
no good. I bought this tablet because of the price and the specs seemed fine but it is slow it freezes and crashes I dont think it was a good buy
It was a Christmas gift. Better than the fire stick crystal clear perfect gift for someone
Not for Experienced User. It locked up on installing kodi and it wouldn't recover. The device buffers during first setup of any movie. Voice remote is not the best.
Eh. I hate it, there isn't any organization for the apps
good for price. ok for price a little slow and doesn't have as many apps as google play.
Horrible. Bought this for my daughter(3) and she can't even use it because it is NOT kid friendly. It is so incredibly slow!! It freezes often and does not seem to work without wifi like it is supposed to. Also was supposed to come with a year free of Amazon free time and we have been charged for it every month !( it requires you to put a card number in before initial use. ) Keep calling Amazon and the foreign people can't seem to figure out the problem. Don't buy!
Has bugs. Worked great the first week then started to reset randomly finally had to hard reset it works fine now maybe had an update I use it for my morning alarm and play music at night
Christmas Gift. This was a Christmas gift for my son. He has been wanting one for a while and this was some of the best pricing I've seen
It was good. The device is a good item and I really recommend to everyone
Replacement. Bought another one because first one stopped working. Seems to match the cheap price. Made cheaply.
Best thing ever. I purchased this and was on the fence but after using it I have purchased more.
Too difficult to figure out. I spent more time trying get it functioning than I did actually keeping this product. After a couple of days and never getting it to understand or follow my commands I returned it to BB. Also it kept trying to sell me products which I really didn’t appreciate.
bad. it is not free everything . have to pay and had return it to best buy store . wish free everything without cents . sorry
Great product. Wonderful product!! User friendly and if help is needed, online support is available.
Not great at all. When I first got it was great until it stopped charging and wouldn't turn back on
Unreliable. Bought two of these 2015 models to add to my previous model on other sets in the house. Both of the new units freeze after about 10 - 15 minutes stating that my 16 MB connection speed isn't fast enough for watching old documentaries from my Prime account. Cycling the power gets it working until it freezes again. The old model works flawlessly. I'll be returning these.
You pay for what you get. This product works, but works slow compared to Apple and some Android phones/tablets. Like I stated in my summary... you pay for what you get. No major issues thus far.
It's Okay. It's okay. When hooked up to my tv wirelessly, there seems to be a lot of lag. Seems to work better hard wired.
it didn,t work had to be returned. it didn't work I had to return it after Christmas and buy something else, made for a wonderful Christmas mourning
Returned it next day. It was so slow and problematic i couldnt even get in to the store. Switched to a Samsung and we love it!
So far so good.. I am still learning how to using it. I use it for Facebook, e-mails,play games on Facebook, eventually I want to be able to use the camera which I haven' t figured out yet. Once do I will be doing a lot of picture taking!☺
Does the job. Nothing really spectacular about this, weird interface. It is okay.
Does not connect to internet very well.. Very slow to connect to internet even with a good connection and wifi set up that worked for other electronics.
Just ok. It kept freezing when I first hooked it up. I couldn't type anything in because it kept resetting. After a couple days it started working, when I was ready to return it, so I decided to keep it. Need to be patient with it.
This thing blows. This thing is ok as long as you don't expect it to be or have stuff(Apps&Games) like Samsung or Apple cause it doesn't. It has its own line of ****
Great Product. Recommended every day. Great Customer service also fast shipping.
Ok. It's ok. It does not have all the apps you might be looking for.
Junk. A lot of apps are incomplete. Doesn't run apps that great and has a lot of apps that are generic.
was a gift. Nit sure was s gift not sure what the product is like
Just OK. Works ok, doesn't shutdown properly. Notified Amazon tried to fix over the phone. They wanted to replace it but I said I would put up with a "hard" shutdown
It works ok.. I had trouble with the device interfering with my internet connection. It would cause my wifi to disconnect. I could not toggle between the device and other devices. After I figured it out it works fine
I bought it as a gift. I bought it and wrapped it up immediately. So I couldn't say either way if it was good or not.
Not what i thought from reading the reviews. I was not satisfied with my purchase but for the price I guess it's ok
Terrible. Never knows answers to question or has the song I want. And always says not getting connection. It sucks
A little slow on connectivity. So I got this for my nephew mostly for books for school and games but he tends to get anoid with it cause the internet connection that it picks up doesn't stay but other than that great
ok product. ok product serves the purpose nothing more than that
Ok for the price.. Decent somewhat slow. Netflix freezes up at times.
this is amazing, i love it. i bought this on a whim because my brother recommended i try it sometimes. hard to believe how important this is in my life. this has opened up my long forgotten youth with music and videos anytime
pretty good gizmo. brother-in-law had one and we messed around with it.
Great product. This is an excellent product at an excellent price
Not for me. Returned it.. didn't work like we thought it was so supposed to. Pain on the butt.
Did not work. I returned and got the 8" since this turned this product and would not turn on. I got another since it was a gift.
Good for the price. It does everything that much more expensive products do, but it is much, much slower when changing apps. Once using the app, the very slow speed is no longer an issue.
ok but could be improved. I don't care for having to close each window separately I would prefer to be able to select close all or exit all
Nice. If you can jail break it. It will be a nice product
Misleading, but worth it. The price is something you can't beat... but it can be misleading.Pretty much every function and app required you to buy something, not much you can do for free. But still worth it for such low price.
It's ok. Not what I was thinking, most questions asked, I get response. Hmm
Not ready for mainstream. Although faster than the stick and smart tv apps, it still needs more on stability and better connection for everyday use. Mot worth it if it was more expensive. Still ok.
Ok product. Not happy at first as battery was totally dead when I got it. However, after charging, it's working ok
Dont buy. This thing has major connectivity issues, save your money and wait for a later version.
OK. All the static about this item, not sure why. I did get a better deal buying two. Cant wait to gift it to someone. it appears a lot of my questions go unanswered.
Satisfied Overall but.... I have to unplug it and wait 30 seconds every time
It's okay. Like most Androd devices, has slowed down considerably over time since purchase. Nice for video watching but browsing the Internet is slow at times. Apps take awhile to load good for the price
Okay. I did not use this product I gave it as a present.
Love it. Received as a Christmas present and am enjoying it very much. Am still learning all the capabilities it has.
excellent. Its awaesome. I love it. The price is worth it to buy it.
It's okay. I got it because I wanted to be able to use it to download books for college classes. It is slow and seems to freeze up a bit when I try to use it. I have a 64g memory card in it and have most of my stuff saved to it. I wouldn't think that would cause it to run slow.
I PURCHASED THIS ITEM BACK IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF ... One person found this helpful. Was this review helpful to you Yes No. I PURCHASED THIS ITEM BACK IN THE FIRST QUARTER OF 2017. I RETURNED THIS ITEM WITHIN 30 DAYS OF PURCHASE. I MAILED IT BACK PER INSTRUCTIONS BY AMAZON. TODAY MAY 26 I RECEIVED AN E-MAIL FROM AMAZON THAT THEY FAILED TO RECEIVE THE ITEM BY JUL. 20 SO THEY WILL CHARGE MY CREDIT CARD. I HAVE TO ASSUME THAT SOMEONE IN AMAZON RECEIVING DID NOT DO THEIR JOB LOGING IN THE ITEM OR US MAIL LOST THE ITEM. EITHER WAY I AM SCREWED.
Absolute Garbage. Super Slow, Would not download, Returned after a week